So in this video we're going to take care of some of the other post pages.
So the single page if I click read more the single page looks like this which we don't want.
All right so let's go and create a new file in our theme folder and we're going to save this as a single
dot page.
All right.
Now if we go and we reload this page it's going to be completely blank.
And what we're going to do is go to our index Pietsch p.
We're going to copy everything there and then pasted in single.
OK.
Now with this single we want this the title bar to have the title of the actual article of the post
.
So we want the while loop to go way up here.
All right so let's take this
cut it and then put that up at the top right here.
And then what we can do is just take this out and just say the title.
OK then we'll go back down here and we're not going to want the 5 column and 7 column layout.
We want it all to be in one column.
So let's change this at 12.
Actually you know what we don't even need that.
Let's get rid of that and then get rid of the that div.
Actually no we want that.
That goes with the post.
Now let's see.
We don't want to read more.
OK this can get rid of that 7 column div.
This ends here.
We can get rid of that.
OK so we have the thumbnail then we have the matter.
Then we have this title we don't need that.
So will put a line break right here and then this is going to be the content.
OK let's check that out.
OK.
So looks good.
You see we have the title of the post right here.
Now we're not going to get to the comments just yet.
We'll do that later on.
So now I want to do the archive page for click on let's say business we want business to be to show
up right here.
So what we can do is create a new file in our theme called archive
archive.
P.
And then we'll copy what's in index
place that in and all I really want to change is that the titlebar up here.
So in this H-1
I'm going to paste in a big piece of code.
OK we've used this in past projects.
We'll see if it's a category archive if it is we'll put out the title.
If it's an author We're going to put out that.
And so on.
So save it go back to our archive page reload and now it says business.
If I click on the user admin we get this OK.
So yeah that's good.
And I guess we could do the comments.
Now I was going to wait but we have quite a bit of time left so let's go ahead and do that.
All right.
So let's go to a single dot ph P and we're going to go down to where we have and if right here right
under it we're going to save page PIERI comments template All right now if we go and we look at a single
page.
We have comments functionality.
All right but it doesn't look too good.
So what we'll do is create a custom template.
Let's go to our theme and say new file comments dot ph P
we'll have a div with the class of comments.
All right.
And we have some code.
I'm just going to paste in.
Actually it's put a heading first.
All right.
In this speech I'm going to just grab real quick.
OK so this is an argument array with just some of the default options here.
This is actually copied from the documentation.
And then down here we're calling W.P. list comments we're repassing those arguments.
All right.
Now for the form
piece that and same thing we have some arguments such as the the label of the submit button.
Reply and so on.
And then we're calling comment form and passing in those arcs.
So save that reload.
OK so it's changed a little but it still doesn't look very good.
So now what we need to do is style it.
So let's go to style C Ss will go all the way to the bottom.
Let's put in our comments Clast to see a broader one pixel So Solid said some padding
say margin bottom will be 20.
And then I also wanted to margin top that will be 10 k now you need the headings.
We have comments H 2 and comments age 3 going to do a background of that green color.
So that's what is at 0 F A 9 7 color will be white
and padding plus say 5 pixels.
Next will be the common body
or
the margin bottom 10
say padding 20 2010.
Now the maildir styling I'm going to paste in we have comment made a comment an image and it at a time
.
Then we have the reply link in the form case just copy that save it or reload.
And now we have a nice looking comments area
.
All right.
So we're just about done.
The last thing I want to do is the page.
OK so if we go to a sample page it looks like the blog roll which is not what we want.
So what we'll do is create a new file and save it as Page dot pee pee.
If we reload that should go blank.
And what we want to do is let's just grab what we have in this single dot page P and we'll paste that
in page.
All right.
Now we're going to
get rid of the the comments template line right here of course we don't want that.
And then for the content itself it's going to be really simple we don't want this.
Mehta UL can get rid of that.
Let's see.
Well get rid of all keep the thumbnail.
I think that should be.
Let's let's change it from article class post to class page.
We'll take a look simple page.
All right.
Let's just put a line break down here
.
There you go.
OK.
So I think we're there.
We have our customers are working so we can edit the front page log page looks good single page with
comments looks good.
So I think we're all set.
So this is a pretty good looking template.
I think it looks nice and clean.
It uses Bootstrap which is good fun.
Awesome so you can add icons easily.
All right.
So hopefully you guys like this project and I'll see you in the next one.